docs: Add a disclaimer to avoid using internal metrics (#1880)
kyma-project/telemetry-manager: docs/user/01-manager.md

### Self Monitor

The Telemetry module contains a self monitor, based on [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/), to collect and evaluate metrics from the managed gateways and agents. Telemetry Manager retrieves the current pipeline health from the self monitor and adjusts the status of the pipeline resources and the module status.

> Additionally, the pipeline status is exposed via dedicated [metrics](./04-metrics.md#5-monitor-pipeline-health) of a MetricPipeline which can be alerted and reported on in an integrated backend like [SAP CloudLogging](./integration/sap-cloud-logging/README.md#use-sap-cloud-logging-alerts).

Author: No, you can expose the metrics using the MetricPipeline feature, the metrics are about the health of all pipelines

> Additionally, the pipeline status is exposed via dedicated [metrics](./04-metrics.md#5-monitor-pipeline-health) of a MetricPipeline which can be alerted and reported on in an integrated backend like [SAP CloudLogging](./integration/sap-cloud-logging/README.md#use-sap-cloud-logging-alerts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, you can monitor the health of your pipelines in an integrated backend like [SAP Cloud Logging](./integration/sap-cloud-logging/README.md#use-sap-cloud-logging-alerts): To set up alerts and reports in the backend, use the [pipeline health metrics](./04-metrics.md#5-monitor-pipeline-health) emitted by your MetricPipeline.
```
